all right I know that you saw the title
of the video now you're seeing me
talking you're very confused about this
I just want to talk a little bit before
I do this interview about why I'm doing
it because I think there are a lot of
stereotypes out there about eSports
girlfriends and women who date pros and
all that kind of thing Bonnie I'm
talking to later today is a type of
person that kind of flies that stuff and
I think she represents a more mature
relationship that's in the eSports scene
and I think that's something that people
can kind of learn about through this
interview hopefully she can speak so
sort of the ways in which dating a pro
player is a little different and sort of
the complications that arise from having
this type of relationship we often talk
to the pro players and sometimes their
coaches or their other players on their
team about who they are and you know we
try to learn more about these
personalities because we're really
invest in it but I find oftentimes that
by talking to family members and people
that are close to them you can learn
even more or get a different perspective
so again today interviewing Bonnie who
is SS girlfriend we're gonna go meet up
and get some Starbucks coffee in just a
little bit let's go
so now we're at a nearby location
I'm with Brodin right now who I have
dragged out of bed on Sunday before else
yesterday to meet up with Bonnie pan in
person bring us some coffee at a nearby
Starbucks and talk a little bit about
the stuff and she should actually be
right around the corner so we'll see if
we find her but you never know with Olli
traffic these days
matter
so this bike am I've done Bonnie for a
wild man right okay and pretty good
friends okay
we like this I don't know either way
we're bad people gets a copy at
Starbucks that's gonna be cool and then
we're gonna talk about stuff right
drinks I was very thirsty the way from
the coffee shop but and and that we're
able to sit down and kind of just chat a
little bit
so Bonnie first off maybe we can talk a
little bit about how you first met Peter
for people that don't know so I've been
talking with Peter a little while online
for about maybe a year or so and then
when my friend graduated from USC I
wanted to visit him and Anime Expo was
happening at the time so I figured why
not ask Peter if he was going to Anime
Expo and he said he was free so I asked
him if he wanted to meet me there and
then that was the first time that we met
so you met at Anime Expo that's that's
the kind of cool story I remember
actually I was there that day and we
were able to chat a little bit but for
well I guess let's go into what were
some of your first impressions of Peter
I think he is exactly as he appears on
camera basically like there's there's
pretty much no filter that he uses
between like what see what he's like on
camera and then off I think he was just
really fidgety I guess I feel like he
was just always like doing something
with his hand always like bouncing
around and I don't know if it was
because he was nervous or if he was
always like that but that was my first
impression and since I had always only
seen him in like YouTube videos it was
like kind of an out-of-body experience
for me as well because I never met him
before yeah I mean it's always kind of
weird to meet somebody in person that
you've been like honestly I actually I'm
thinking back to that time I remember
you and Peter kept hanging out beyond
just the Anna makes feel like you were
you guys were down for your you hung out
during like weekend as well but I
actually don't really know cuz I don't
think Peter ever told me really like how
you guys transition from hanging out a
couple different times to actually being
in a relationship so maybe you could
talk to me a little bit about that and
also dating a pro player I think and you
guys decided to have this long-distance
thing it's kind of complicated so what
was kind of the process by which you
guys started dating and and decided to
go into this and was that in even like
a bit of nervousness for you definitely
yeah I I knew that if I decided to go
out with Peter like it would definitely
be a lot of consequences for like my
online persona I guess because I I never
expected to really I never wanted to get
into the scene as like a public figure
or anything like that but I guess after
we hung out a couple times at Anime Expo
we I really liked him and he was
obviously interested and we kept like
texting for a really long time after
that too because I had to go back to
Washington I had to start my job because
I just graduated that year as well so we
just kept texting and it had been a
while where we both acknowledge that
like we have something here that we kind
of want to pursue but we don't really
know what to do like at this point and I
think it was a time like my friend just
I was hanging out with my friends and I
they had known that I was talking to
this pro player and I had been hanging
out with him a lot over the summer and
they asked me like what I was with him
and then I just texted him like Peter
what are we and I he was like oh if you
want to be a couple I guess we can be
like yeah okay what a romantic way I
guess we can yeah I mean okay and so
part of the reason I asked that question
is because you know within the context
of this interview and conversation I
think a lot of people like it it kind of
sucks dating profile hears it a sense
right because they have no time they
have to live in LA it's not like he can
relocate to see I don't all stuff so
were you nervous about that and how does
that kind of impacted your guys's
relationship just the schedule and all
that stuff yeah there's been a couple of
pretty rough moments in our relationship
just when he has events and the fact
that he can't really be in Seattle or in
Washington all the time so obviously
last year he took a break from the
professional seem to like stream and
hang out with me and like live with me
for a couple of months and that was
really nice but he definitely is
extremely drawn to that sort of like
competitive scene he has a really strong
spirit and like drive to pursue that
goal so it was never really like out of
the question for him to not go back to
the scene so it's just something that we
have to deal with yeah yeah is that
tough for you guys to I mean obviously
you said that there's some rough moments
but you know what I part of the reason I
ask is because I think for a lot of
people they don't really understand
these guys just have like no free time
right mm-hmm
so for you you know what is that
experience like having to be in this
relationship with someone who's so busy
I think it's important to just realize
that it's going to be like that your
relationship is going to be stagnating
for however long he's going to be
competing like when you're apart from
each other it's just not going to
progress like in the way that a natural
relationship would but when you're
together like like I come to visit LCS
and I watch his events and stuff and I
kind of keep up with him and when I do
that it's it's really nice you know for
people that don't really understand what
the life is like for these guys it can
be tough to have things outside of the
game like a fully functioning
relationship I think a lot of pro
players probably struggle to balance
that and the right way you know one of
the other things that I've noticed is
that a lot of people in the community
and even I probably am somewhat guilty
of this as a sort of you know much like
in the rock star world and whatever
there's an assumption that anybody who's
in a relationship is you know like a
groupie essentially like just kind of
dubbed that I mean I think in eSports a
lot of people talk about like a girl's
and eloah honeys and all that what do
you think of of that assumption that or
that stereotype like any girl who's
dating someone is just a Negro or
interested in the person because they're
a pro or something I don't know I think
the potential for that definitely exists
and I
do you think that there are probably
girls in the scene that may only be
interested in pro players because
they're pro players but there's so many
different types of relationships and
there's so many different things that
you can that you that different people
want from relationships it's hard to
condemn someone for liking a person for
being good at something that you
personally may be invested in as well
like the reason that I wanted to talk to
Peter and wanted to be friends with him
and was interested in him was because I
personally played the game and I thought
it was a really interesting hobby that
he was really really good at and that
was what first initially drew me to him
and then I started watching like some of
his interviews and I actually liked his
personality so I think a lot of girls or
some of the girls in the scene may be
drawn initially to pro players because
of their personal affection for the game
or their like their their love of the
game but I mean a relationship is a
relationship like you're going to
hopefully enjoy the person that you're
spending time with anyways like and from
my relationship that's obviously like
how we progress from the initial stages
so well now that we've kind of talked
about the relationship stuff which was
definitely something I wanted to chat
with you about it's kind of fun because
you and I both know Peter very well and
while people have definitely seen
interviews as Peter and can watch a
stream or whatever we're in a unique
position where we could just kind of
chat him and he's not here to stop us at
all from talking about him so you know
maybe one area that's interesting for us
to talk about is it is even referenced
it earlier Peter took split off last
year and he said he was gonna come back
and then at a certain point in time he
was making it sound like it might
actually be a year instead of a split
that he was going to take off and before
I'll see a star last year I actually
thought there was a chance he might not
come back like that he was only gonna
stream in that he'd find that lifestyle
so good because as we talked about
before it's like really taxing to you
what did you think was going
happen with him whenever he decided to
take that time off I never thought he
was gonna not come back to LCS I think I
remember like sometimes we would watch
LCS games or something like me and my
friends and I think he was just he
wasn't super interested in watching them
or he like kind of felt an aversion to
watching them and I feel like it was
because he felt kind of left out during
that time and I knew like once he
watched like the TSM Finals game with
CNI and I think it was like he
definitely wanted to come back there
there was no way that he wasn't gonna
come back to the scene because he just
he watched those things and he just
needs to be there as well like he wants
to feel that competitive drive he was
living with you during that time right
yeah what what was it like for you sort
of sick because this is a very different
situation for him right because ideally
he would almost want to stream full-time
it's it makes him more money
it gives him a better schedule he was
able to hang out with you do you think
he really enjoyed all that stuff I think
initially he did I think he was getting
into like the tempo of streaming of like
growing you stream growing like the
following and the viewers and everything
and like getting into how to make a
stream better but you suck you sort of
get into a grind where there's no like
real objective to growing your stream is
just like getting more and more
followers there's not like a win
something kind of overarching goal that
you're trying to achieve at the end so I
think he got kind of caught up in that
and then once he watched like the finals
in the LCS he was like this is what is
missing from my stream life how long do
you think he's gonna play oh well I mean
have you guys talked about this and it's
okay if you haven't you know you don't
want to share that but I'm just curious
he's gonna play as long as he can play
so I don't think it'll be his choice
necessarily tell no team will pick up I
think that is probably the case like he
is so invested in the LCS he's so
invested in like getting better and
trying to be the best that I don't think
it's an option for him
do you think because I have seen at time
like Peter is strange to me in that
sometimes I think he is the laziest
person in the world and others really
had something yeah in other ways like he
sometimes the most driven person like
there's no way I could spend as much
time trying to get better at League
Legends as as he does I don't know what
do you what do you think of all that he
is really really lazy in some things
like he with ubers with like getting
takeout I don't think I've ever seen him
like cook anything I don't think I've I
mean I remember when Iowa when I lived
in an apartment that was really close to
like a Chipotle like literally three
blocks away or something from a Safeway
it would literally take 10 minutes to
walk we would take an uber every single
okay yeah like we would just choose not
to walk the 10 minutes and then pay like
the $5 Ebury or whatever it was
I mean I've noticed this with pro
players a lot is that it feels like they
like they have the money but then
they're not spending it on anything
right like they all make good money
especially now and with the streaming
days I'm sure he was doing well so they
just spent what a really silly ways
that's what they have what where have
you seen him okay we talked about him
being lazy where have you seen him be
very driven like maybe even outside of
League of Legends because that's such an
obvious answer right he has a really
rigid schedule I think like he tries to
get himself into a groove like every
single day he tries to wake up by like
nine or 10 or whenever and go to the gym
and then he has like a really strict
like workout scrimm eat schedule and he
tries to like adhere to really good
eating habits as well like he eats
Chipotle he only like he doesn't need
dairy he doesn't eat like a lot of ways
you said he tries to adhere to really
good no bitch bully is good for you well
if you're only it except only is it good
for you it's got so many like different
combinations of meals that you can do
those
to check whether future tomatoes you got
your meat you got your grace that's all
you need tomatoes meat and rice will
power a human faire quoi a very long
time yeah yeah okay so so it's he's very
he tries to really stick to that
schedule yeah it's a very schedule
oriented person I think was it like
living with them because we both lived
with them when I lived with them
it was oftentimes a disaster where I'd
come out in the freezer door would still
be open and oh yes I mean he just kind
of like isn't super mindful of certain
things like he'll just forget like he'll
move on to the next task without
necessarily like remembering to finish
the current one or something have you
come out and seen the freezer door open
yet I think so if you like on a stream
there's been comments like close the
door because you all said her you ever
you had when you were living with him at
least another roommate right yes I had a
roommate and I think cute dude you drove
him crazy
a little bit welcome if you're watching
this any other like other examples of
why he would be driving him crazy or
anything I mean Peter generates a lot of
trash because I mean as I said we always
get delivery cuz we just we didn't cook
it all so he would always order out from
like random places and then we would
completely fill up our like trash can
and I tried like before he started
living with us I was like trying to get
into the habit of like cooking with my
roommate and stuff and like doing I
don't know some form some version of
meal prep and then when Peter came we
were just eating out every single day or
getting delivered every single day and
then he complained about our trash can
being too small did you do he then tried
to order a new trash can or anything no
he didn't he's compliant he just
complained
we were just every time you took out the
trash which I mean to his credit he did
take out the trash so every time he
would he would just complain about it
being too small it was very funny given
the motto of every
else's trash and all that stuff
happening a lot about church yeah he
just thinks everyone else's trash is cuz
he's constantly generating all this
trash how how did you react to hims him
going from TSM - team like putting all
that stuff where did you get emotional
during it cuz I talked to it I don't
maybe you saw a different side of this
but when I was talking to Peter about he
was a very level-headed like he didn't
he didn't seem emotional yeah he wasn't
like oh they betrayed me he's like no
it's gonna be fine I think the his first
instinct when he heard the news was like
a fighter flight type of instinct which
is why he seems so calm and unemotional
during that time I remember though like
I remember when that morning when he
looked at Reddit and like saw the news
like I think I was still in bed and I
woke up to him basically like on his
computer like trying to message people
like trying to figure out what was
happening and I remember like still
being pretty drowsy like when he was
calling Andy when he was calling like
are they people to ask like what was
going on with TSM till I try to confirm
the news and I think in those moments
there was like a little bit of anxiety I
guess women because he just didn't know
what was happening but after that it was
basically like all business like what do
I do next what like what team should I
contact etc but for me I did I liked him
on TSM a lot
I mean TSM was so dominant when he was
on the team but I think Team Liquid is a
really good team for him to be on right
now as well and I really like the
players on that team so I'm glad that
they managed to get together a group of
people that seemed very charismatic and
also like cooperate together cohesively
to make a team do you feel like he one
thing I've thought about in the past
this is Peter I think doesn't want to
ever look emotional or weak you know
because he never like that's the thing
is it didn't surprise me that he was I
kind of I almost didn't want to reach
out to him whenever I found I saw that
the TSM news-breaking because
he he's not the type of guy to ever be
like oh man I'm so upset about this or
like I don't know what to do right now
or anything like that like it's almost
the type of thing where I think he was
pretty level-headed about the whole
situation but it's almost impossible to
know if he wouldn't have been you know
because I I feel like he'd play it cool
no matter what yeah I think in front of
me even he was pretty cool about it he
was like pretty reserved even when I
asked him like I mean are you sad about
having to switch teams again or anything
he always like he kept kind of like the
strong face yeah aside I don't know if
maybe he was feeling some I feel like
after the fact after he like actually
thought about it a little bit maybe he
was kind of like oh man that was like
kind of shitty
you know that right I have to switch
teams again but in those moments like
there was something yeah how do you guys
deal with the distance so we've tried a
couple of different methods not none of
them are really perfect I remember when
he was at Worlds it was pretty upsetting
and stressful for us to like try to make
time for a relationship when he was like
competing and undergoing all of this
like pressure from you know everybody
like the team the organization the fans
and I remember there was a couple of
weeks where we basically didn't Skype or
talk at all except on like messenger on
texting and after that it was it was a
pretty shitty experience because I had
to like talk to him and be like Peter I
don't think like this is this is a good
way to handle like our relationship
right now and at that time like they had
also just lost as well yeah so as
extremely it was like even added on yeah
stress it's like there's stress on you
there's stress on him and all that stuff
and I didn't want to like I didn't want
to add on to like the problems that he
was already facing with the community
with like his team and everything so it
was just really hard to find a balance
where I can like kind of inject like my
feelings like interject with
the things that I am feeling at the time
as well because there's already so much
that he has going on that I don't want
to like make him feel any more pressured
so it's just difficult to find a balance
between he do you feel like because a
lot of people feel as though
relationships can be a big distraction
for players yeah there's something that
you do feel as well do you think that
like it sounds like you guys were
intentionally someone keeping a distance
trying worlds right yeah I think Peter
intentionally like tries to keep me at a
distance when there's like important
events happening and I also try to
respect that as well like I try not to
message him too much or I try not to
like bother him too much if I know that
there is a lot of things going on in his
life but keeping in mind that eventually
once those things have like resolved
themselves or once I actually visit him
or something that we'll have time to
actually talk and then figure out like
and go through our issues I guess yeah
so it's like waiting until there's like
a brief respite in all the other like
chaos that's going on and then trying to
figure out like what to do next do you
guys have were argue what is an argument
with Peter like because I've only argued
with him a couple times he's that he's
pretty low-key but yeah yeah we got in
one big argument one time way back when
we were traveling a bit yeah and we
argued up because I needed him to
retweet a piece of content that I did
with him and he didn't want to and it
was so stupid that anything will those
really-- tired from traveling and so
then we both just went into separate
areas of the city yeah I think he told
me that you guys both just left in a
huff yes but and other times I think
we've gotten annoyed with each other but
we've never really argued because he
it's hard to argue with Peter because he
was just weak jokes and make light of
everything and like yeah everything so
like argue and then he'll like smile or
yes smile and say something mean yes
it's all as you me and Olli that have
just experienced all this so it's just
we're all experiencing Peters laughing
but also
criticism critical there no but I like
what are the things that as funny as we
were talking about this the other day
you guys play video games together but
that could be stress we have attempted
to play video games together okay so
tell me a little bit about this is this
a tilting little bit for you I mean I've
just no it's fine okay so Peter and I
have just tried playing a couple of
different MMORPGs yeah and our most
recent adventure was in path of Exile so
Peter and I created accounts together we
like created characters to try like
alongside each other like he he was like
a tank and I was kind of like a damage
dealer or something like roles that
complement to each other yeah
and then we leveled up to one of the
intermediate intermediate acts and since
I don't have that much time like I have
to go to work and then once I come back
I can like play games and stuff and I
don't have as much willpower to just
like grind through like in an MMORPG
just like write a bunch of bosses to
like get to the highest levels and get
to like the endgame content Peter got
kind of impatient so he kept like asking
if it was okay to you know create an
alternate account and I was like no we
did this together like we should just
play together and just experience this
game together but I think one night he
was just really bored and I didn't want
to play games I was tired so he made
another account and he made an account
and because he's so driven like he's so
into the games yeah he rapidly leveled
out past our characters and then by the
second night he was like a ten-game
content so I was like why I thought we
were gonna play this game together
why did you level of like beyond my
level and then I felt like he was
playing like he had more fun playing the
ink endgame content because for me it's
more about like the process like the the
story kind of like getting through
everything and getting like
higher level but for him it's like oh I
get to the final boss is like I want to
do all the hardest so yeah it feels
like different goals it feels like he
can't do play any game casually like not
a casual yeah whenever I got I remember
like when we were living together like
what she came out and I started playing
it and for whatever reason I got
distractions and didn't continue and
then he saw it I'm just like oh I want
to try it and so they gave it to him and
then he stays up all night playing this
game and as completing and his like
figure that's the best place to fight
it's just like yeah we said we weren't
going to look up guides okay they're
like at the very beginning because we
were like oh we should just figure this
out by ourselves like it's just you and
me yeah this is the world and then when
he made his second account he looked up
like a guide he looked up like the the
perfect way to build like the items yet
and he just like massively just leveled
up this character that was so much more
powerful and so much like more fun for
him to play and he just I felt like he
didn't want to play with me anymore
yeah necessarily I was just like a
sideshow yeah he's like I've moved past
you go I've moved on to the endgame you
know I don't I don't even need
trifluoride class yeah just a side quest
that's the title for this interview I
think I was just a side quest okay I'm
trying to think you know because Peter
has no filter there's a lot of I think
people get like a pretty good
understanding of who he is from
interviews and his streams and all that
stuff but you know you again you have
seen a side of Peter we both have at
certain situations that probably doesn't
share online so if you had to think
about you know what what do you think
the fans don't know about him or what
sides of him that do they not know or is
Peter a particularly deep and thoughtful
person
who's really into Bitcoin better I mean
I think they already know lovely but
from the from the Twitter I mean I think
it's what's interesting to me is he's
very I think surprisingly as goofy as he
is and it's posting spongebob memes and
all that stuff
one thing I've noticed he's actually
surprisingly thoughtful about his brand
and how he sort of builds himself you
know yeah yeah he's um he's pretty
intersect here int respected than I
think you would expect yeah it takes a
while to realize that I think yeah like
I think he's aware of you know all the
consequences of what he says and
whatever he says on Twitter he like
acknowledges that this is you know what
he wants to come off as to the public
and he's acknowledged it and is okay
with it and yeah he's made some missteps
here and there but for most part he's
pretty thoughtful about that stuff and I
don't know I'm very interested to see
what happens with Peter after his pro
career cuz I don't know if he knows what
is gonna happen yet yeah it'll be
interesting Bonnie anything that you
would say to the fans or Peters fans or
anything like that about you know Peter
based off your relationship anything
like that thanks for supporting my
boyfriend
and thanks well I appreciate it yeah
thank you so much for sig dad will talk
to me about the stuff it's really fun as
this kind of jam with somebody who knows
Peter so well and also yours too your
thoughts on sort of the relationship
dynamics of dating and proto I think are
interesting to me so thanks so much and
thanks everyone else for watching us
hope you enjoyed it